"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity." - Sun Tzu
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Where there is love there is life." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"Action is the foundational key to all success." - Pablo Picasso
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde